docs(Grid): Add documentation about AI features (#3165)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/smart-ai-features/ai-column-assistant.md

---
title: AI Column Assistant
page_title: Grid - AI Column Assistant
description: Learn how to use the Telerik Grid for Blazor together with an InlineAIPrompt component to generate AI content and update the Grid data items.
slug: grid-ai-column
tags: telerik,blazor,grid,ai
published: True
position: 30
---

# Grid AI Column Assistant

> This article shows how to integrate the Grid with the Inline AI Prompt component to allow users to use AI for a specific Grid data item. Depending on the business requirements, the AI model can analyze the Grid data item and suggest additions or modifications.

Author: ```suggestion
The Grid AI Column Assistant is an integration between the Telerik Inline AI Prompt and Grid components. This article shows how to display an Inline AI Prompt from a Grid column template to allow users to use AI for a specific Grid data item. Depending on the business requirements, the AI model can analyze the Grid data item and suggest additions or modifications.
```
